Replace link to avaliable standalone USB SD adapter (#40292)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/installation/raspberrypi.markdown

- [Micro SD Card](https://amzn.to/2X0Z2di).
  - Ideally get one that is [Application Class 2](https://www.sdcard.org/developers/overview/application/index.html). Check for the label **A2** on the card. Application Class 2 cards perform better especially on small read and write operations and are better suited to host applications.
  - Make sure to use a card that provides at least 32&nbsp;GB.

> - SD Card reader. This is already part of most laptops, but you can purchase a [standalone USB adapter](https://a.co/d/6sWAg9Z) if you don't have one. The brand doesn't matter, just pick the cheapest.

Reviewer: With our affiliate

```suggestion
- SD Card reader. This is already part of most laptops, but you can purchase a [standalone USB adapter](https://amzn.to/4lkMfsu) if you don't have one. The brand doesn't matter, just pick the cheapest.
```
